it is a site that has become familiar in
European capitals over the past 6 months
thousands Marching In City centers
demanding an end to Israel's war on Gaza
in Madrid protesters called on the
International Community to do
more we're saying that human rights of
the Palestinian people are not being
respected it seems Israel is getting
away with it with the help of its allies
like the US the United Kingdom and
Germany the International Community is
not giving enough attention to what is
going on in the West Bank in the
occupied territories the Israelis armed
and helped by the Israeli Army are
taking over the land and moving the
Palestinian people
out prime minister Pedro Sanchez has
urged the International Community to
commit to bold actions he has been
leading a European drive to recognize
Palestine and has been pushing for it to
happen by July we all agree that only
two-state solution can bring a lasting
solution to this conflict the
International Community has defended
this for many years it is H time to move
from words uh to Deeds uh the
recognition of the State of Palestine
and the mutual recognition between
Israel and Palestine are key in my
opinion key elements for the
implementations of the two-state
solution Ireland Malta and Slovenia have
pledged to work with Spain to bring
about the recognition of a Palestinian
state it is a wish echoed by
demonstrators in Paris in a solidarity
March that was initially banned by the
city's police force before a Court ruled
it could go ahead while other European
countries have been slower to actively
call for Palestinian statehood to become
reality French president Emanuel maon
said back in February that recognizing
such a state was no longer a taboo for
France giving impetus to a cause that is
gaining support in Europe Sonia Gago Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer